Previously on "The Rookie"...
What's all this?
I'm studying for the
detective's exam.
Monica.
She's smart. fairly ruthless.
and God forbid you leave
the toilet seat up.
Celina. look out!
It seems obvious that
they were targeted.
Bailey!
Leah!
Hi. Oh.
Angela had the
baby. It's a girl.
- Hey.
What's happening?
The list of possible
masterminds.
you were at the bottom.
Weaponizing Luke
Moran against the LAPD
has driven every cop in the
city away from our target.
By the time they realize
the damage we've done.
we'll be long gone.
Shots fired.
I am pinned down out
front. I need help.
Aaron's bleeding internally.
A surgeon must have
missed a bullet fragment.
They're rushing
him into surgery.
Is he gonna be all right?
I-I don't know.
What do I do?
Nothing you can do.
Just be there to watch over him.
Do you guys need help? Is
there anything I can do to...
Negative. You still haven't
been cleared medically.
Celina.
We heard Aaron's
back in surgery.
Yeah. they just rushed him in.
I. uh... I'm... I'm
on with Sergeant Grey.
Wait. you guys are
checking out already?
- You just had the baby.
- It's too noisy here.
We got the pediatrician
to sign off.
- We're going home.
- Unless Grey needs
- something from us.
- Negative.
Just please stick with
your police escort.
I thought we caught
the mastermind. but
now I'm not too sure.
All right. explain it to
me like I'm a toddler.
This assault was well
funded and well executed.
But Lucas Moran
had $12 in the bank
and a well-documented
history of being a loner.
We're not buying he
had the resources
- to pull off the attack.
- Or the contacts.
Maybe he met someone in
prison who helped him.
Most likely. but who's
gonna spend a fortune
to kick a hornet's nest?
Who volunteers to piss
off the entire LAPD?
Somebody with their own agenda.
Yeah. who wanted to focus
our attention on a patsy.
Divert all of our resources
to this neighborhood
so they can pull
off a new crime.
A new crime like what?
No clue. But I'd bet my life
it's happening right now.
60 seconds ahead of schedule.
Let's keep it tight.
All right. we've been
through this a dozen times.
Cyesha and her crew
meet the inside man
and gain control of
the security room
while we take the lobby.
Then 20 minutes to
load the armored car
while Kim does her thing.
You're really not gonna
tell us what Kim's thing is?
Correct. Just focus on
your individual jobs.
and we will be made of
money by this evening.
All right. synchronize.
Three. two. one.
Mark.
Let's go.
Good afternoon. gentlemen.
Any problems?
No. they're all in
the security cage
for change of shift.
I am Glen Mercer. U.S.
Treasury Department.
West Coast Chief
Security Officer.
And I'm here for an unscheduled
security inspection.
Yeah!
Grab the guns. kill the feeds.
Hey!
- What the...
- Stop 'em!
What do I do?
Nothing. Your part's over.
Phase One complete.
Copy that. Moving
on to Phase Two.
What?
All right.
Negative. 7-Metro-100.
There have been no
high-priority calls
in the last two
hours beside yours.
All right. dispatch.
switch gears.
I want any anomalies.
no matter how small
or seemingly random
false alarm. noise
complaint that seems odd.
Or totally crazy... UFO
sightings. mole people.
Aside from your earlier action.
it's a normal day in LA.
We average a dozen
bizarre calls an hour.
But none have been from
high-value targets.
Ah. come on. there's
got to be something.
Hold on. This is
a little unusual.
The Federal Reserve Bank
has an hourly check-in call
which is late.
- How late?
- 17 seconds.
That's barely a blip.
But it's all we've got to go on.
- How often are they late?
- Rarely. but it happens.
Federal Reserve is definitely
a high-value target.
All right. I'm a few
blocks from there.
I'll swing by.
I'll check it out.
We might have a problem.
Cop's outside.
7-Adam-15 on site.
Lobby's empty.
Check that. There's
blood inside.
They're robbing the
Federal Reserve.
Send backup. airship.
and an ambulance in
case of casualties.
- Time's up.
- How the hell
did the cops get
onto us so fast?
I don't know. But we got to go.
Almost there.
- Not good enough.
- Tough.
You need to buy me
another five minutes
to get through
this last firewall.
Cyesha. we need to
pivot to Plan B.
Sacrifice the lambs.
Copy.
Let's go.
- Leave it!
- Let's go.
Shots fired.
I am pinned down out
front. I need help.
Duck!
Finished.
And I injected a
virus that'll make it
impossible to figure
out what we did.
Suspect's down.
He's not conscious.
Not breathing.
Appears the shot came from
the third-floor window.
They sniped their own guy.
Why would they do that?
They must have a
secondary escape route.
Didn't want to leave anyone
behind to flip on them.
The tunnels.
Let's get units rolling
to the egress points.
We don't have anybody close by.
Harper. Nolan. you're with me.
Shots fired. basement hallway.
Four suspects.
Ah!
Come on. Go. go. go. go!
- Are you nervous?
- Nope.
Last shift before the wedding.
- Yep.
- But you're still not nervous?
Nope. What about you?
- What about me?
- Are you nervous
that Detective Harper
will be taking over
your training in my absence?
Oh. I... she...
- When did that happen?
- Last night.
Unless you'd prefer
Sergeant Bradford.
No. no.
Well... no. No. no.
What about Smitty?
I'm kidding.
No. Detective Harper.
she's... she's great.
I mean. I'm sure I will
learn so much from her.
Not that you haven't
already taught me
everything I need to know.
Well. not that I still
don't have a lot of holes
in my training
okay. not because
you're a bad TO.
It's...
Oh. thank God.
- What's the problem?
- My husband's missing.
He... he went out last night.
and I haven't heard from him...
Oh. no.
Officers.
Found him.
This way.
Any. um. advice to help optimize
my experience with
Detective Harper?
- No.
- Why not?
Because so much of what we do
is dealing with the unknown.
I don't do you any service
by giving you cheat codes.
Cheat codes? For what?
- No. nothing.
- Training with you.
Oh. there are no
cheat codes for me.
I am an enigma wrapped
in a badass riddle.
- You got that. Boot?
- Yes. ma'am.
Why are you 10-8?
Uh. last shift
before I go on leave.
I know... you should
be hiding under a desk
until it is time to go
home. not out on the street.
- Why?
- The curse of the last shift.
- Did nothing I taught you stick?
- Only the rational bits.
You see. Detective Harper feels
that the last shift before
a vacation. a retirement.
a wedding is to be feared.
- She's very superstitious.
- I mean. so am I.
I'm riding with you.
Might as well write "collateral
damage" on my forehead.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because unlike
Detective Harper...
I do not believe
in superstitions or curses.
Today is going to
be smooth sailing.
Hey. Bailey. What's up?
Uh. we have a huge problem.
That's great. What's going on?
Well. the wedding
planner came by
to check her lighting setup
and somehow shorted
out the HVAC system.
It's getting hot in here.
And it's supposed to be
even hotter this weekend.
And if we don't have
air conditioning...
Okay. we will. We
will. I can fix that.
- Now?
- N-now?
Uh. yes. No. yeah.
She probably just
tripped a breaker.
Look. we're about to
go back out on patrol.
and we'll swing by.
Okay. thank you.
Is this a huge mistake.
doing the wedding here?
No. No. this is
gonna be amazing.
Come on. best wedding
ever. I promise.
All right. I got
to go. I love you.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah.
No. perfect. It's
gonna be just. uh
you know. just...
Juarez. let's go.
Do we have to?
I mean. there's plenty of
paperwork we could fill out.
And I'm sure Sergeant Grey
could find us things
to do at the station.
- Thanks.
- Hmm.
Hold your nerve. Officer Juarez.
- That's an order.
- Yes. sir.
Nice bike.
Thank you.
Doctor sign off
on you riding it?
You mean. like. in writing?
All I'm saying is.
is take it easy.
It's your first day back.
and you're not 100% yet.
Hell. I'm not even 100%.
and I only had a baby.
not a near-death GSW.
Yes. I will be
careful. I promise.
- Good.
- Yeah.
But the correct response
to my last sentence was.
childbirth is deeply
traumatic to a woman's body
and should never be minimized.
Right. Got it.
So. uh. how are you feeling?
Mm. 80%.
Sad to leave my baby
but excited to use my
brain for something else.
- You?
- Same
e-except the. you
know. baby part.
Yeah. I. um...
I don't sleep well.
Too many nightmares.
But I'm hopeful that'll
change once we. uh.
catch the crew
behind my shooting.
- Any fresh leads?
- Not that I know of.
but it's my first day too.
All right. here's what we know.
The Federal Reserve heist
was a two-pronged attack.
In success. they
would have escaped
with $30 million in
cash in an armored car.
And we never would have
known about the secondary.
much larger digital heist.
While computer
forensics are ongoing.
we've so far discovered
over a hundred million
small-dollar transfers designed
to fly beneath the radar.
Any progress on
identifying the crew
that died at the scene?
- No.
- How can that be?
They were clearly
professional criminals.
No prints or DNA
in any database.
and social media scrub of
their faces turned up nothing.
Our working theory is that
a hacker sophisticated
enough to break through
the Treasury Department firewalls
could have purged
criminal histories
from law-enforcement
databases prior to the heist.
To sum it up. this
crew orchestrated
a brutal attack on my people
in order to rob the
Federal Reserve.
killed three of their
own to slow us down.
and there's no way to trace them
or the fortune they stole?
And given how rich they now are.
they could be
anywhere in the world.
All right. listen up. This
crew attacked our people
in their homes.
killed six innocents.
We won't let them
get away with this.
The only way this ends
is bad guys in handcuffs.
Hey. shouldn't you
be out on patrol?
I'm stealing a few minutes
to study for the detective's exam.
I've been slammed
with so much OT.
I've fallen way behind.
Hey. can I ride with you today
so you can quiz me
in between calls?
Yeah. sure. But it's not
gonna solve your problem.
I mean. if Lieutenant Primm
really has it out for you.
he's not gonna follow
the normal playbook
with your oral exam.
He's gonna give you
some crazy scenarios.
- try and sabotage you.
- That's not fair.
The test should be the
same for everybody.
How the hell am I supposed
to study for wild cards?
You can't. I mean.
but we can spend today
chasing outside-the-box calls.
try and widen your
knowledge base a little.
Okay. Thank you.
Don't thank me yet. I'm
not gonna make today easy.
I mean. the truth
is. you learn best
when you're a little pissed off.
Do I?
Or are you just trying
to get me to give you
permission to be an ass?
Well. if that's your attitude.
- you really don't want my help.
- No. I do.
I-I need it.
Or do I?
I don't like that smile.
- That's my smile.
- Mm...
If you're reading into
it. that's on you.
Let's roll.
Why do I feel like I'm
making a terrible mistake?
Hey. Whoa! It is
an oven in here.
I told you.
- What if you can't fix it?
- I can fix it.
Wedding is almost here.
Are you just so excited?
- Totally.
- He just blew a breaker.
I-I got a spare.
Don't worry about it.
I mean. I'm made
of anxiety inside.
but underneath that's
excitement. I think.
Well. not to make it about me.
but I just bought a sexy dress.
and I'm ready to party.
Yes.
I fixed it 'cause I'm a genius.
And humble.
And icky. There we go.
- All right. back to work.
- To taunt the curse some more.
What curse?
Why would you say that
in front of Bailey?
- I'm sorry. sir.
- It's n... it's nothing.
It's a Harper superstition.
curse of the last shift.
I... nothing is
gonna go wrong today.
Okay? I promise.
- Whoa.
- Hey. How can I help you?
Hi. Yeah. uh. Josh Randall.
I just bought the
house next door.
The police. Is...
is there a problem?
Oh. no. not at all. I'm
Bailey. and this is John.
- We live here.
- Oh. cool.
I've never had a cop
for a neighbor before.
Uh. anyway. I just wanted to
stop by and bring you this.
- Oh. that's so nice.
- Very sweet.
But we should be
the ones giving you
the "welcome to the
neighborhood" bottle.
Well. it's not exactly
a "welcome" bottle.
It's more of a "sorry for
the inconvenience" bottle.
I'm tearing down the house
next door this weekend.
and it's possible it might
get a little... little noisy.
- No. No. no. no. he ca...
- Okay. no. no. I... I...
I got... I got... I got it.
We're actually getting
married this weekend... here.
Yikes.
Wish I had brought a
pricier bottle of champagne.
Yeah. we're gonna have to just
push back that demolition.
Oh. yeah. totally.
But there's no way.
Sorry. the permits
have all been pulled.
and my contractor has
a super-tight window
to get the work done.
and I'm just not able
to alter my schedule
not not able. just. uh.
you know. not going to.
You get it. It's
what I was gonna do
and am gonna do.
but. um. anyway. I'm
oof... just gutted
about the mix-up.
It's. um... it'll be
a fun story. right?
"Three bulldozers
at our wedding."
Anyway. see you this weekend.
Hoo. Curse of the last shift.
I'm... I'm... I'm gonna...
I'm... I'm... I'm
gonna... I'm just...
Welcome back. Officer Thorsen.
Thank you. sir.
and. um. thank you
for everything you did for
me while on medical leave.
You're welcome. but
that kindness stopped
when you put that uniform
back on this morning.
Sir?
I've been where you are. son
trying to come back
after being shot.
almost dying.
I would be doing you no kindness
by coddling you now.
Yes. sir. Look.
I'm... I'm not looking
for any special treatment.
I'm ready to get
back on the street
and prove myself.
That's not your
decision to make.
I'm assigning you
to station duties
while you start seeing the
department psychiatrist.
Only after they approve
you for active duty
will I put you
back on the street.
Sir. with all due respect.
I'm already seeing a
pretty dope therapist.
I mean. Lil' Gurkin
swears by him.
- Who the hell is Lil' Gurkin?
- He's a...
Y-you know what? I don't care.
The department requires you
to see their psychiatrist.
You're going.
Twice a week. First
appointment's tonight.
- There you are.
- Hey. mama.
Welcome back.
You just got a call from BHPD.
Some guy wrapped his
half-million-dollar Lambo
- around a tree in Beverly Hills.
- And I care why?
Because you had his
fingerprints flagged
in the system with
no name associated.
Hot damn. And where is he now?
Landing at the hospital.
Why? Who is this guy?
We got a hit on our
Federal Reserve crew.
- Sir. I would like to go...
- Absolutely not.
MVA with contusions to forehead.
possible fracture
to left humerus.
And one. two. three.
Page Dr. Hoffman.
He's gonna need
a surgical consult on his arm.
Is my Lambo okay?
It's brand-new.
I just drove it off
the lot today...
And right into a tree.
Relax.
Hello.
This is Detective Harper. LAPD.
The man you just brought
into the hospital is wanted
for murder. armed robbery.
and assault on
law-enforcement officers.
He is extremely dangerous.
Oh!
What's the situation?
He's got a hostage in
there. She's a nurse.
I thought I had a clear
shot. but I hit her.
What kind of weapon has he got?
It's a blade. some
kind of scalpel.
It's Lisa. She's gut shot.
We got to get her
out of there fast.
Okay. this is gonna be tricky.
We have no idea who this guy is
or what his pressure points are.
We push the wrong one. he
could snap and kill her.
We don't got time
to analyze him.
I think I can get a clean shot
if Nolan can get him
focused on the door.
If it goes sideways.
I'll take the shot.
All right. do it.
Hey. turn off the lights.
Yes. sir.
Sir. this is our first
lead in six weeks.
If he ends up dead...
Our priority is the
hostage. always.
No. yes. of course. I just...
Sir?
I'm Officer John Nolan. LAPD.
We need to talk.
About what. how screwed I am?
Or how you're gonna
offer me a ride
to a non-extradition country
if I let the hostage go?
I think we should focus on
not making matters any worse.
You both need medical attention.
Let me get that for you.
Look. man. you're a smart guy.
You know there's a deal
to be made if you help us.
Forget it. I'm not a rat.
Even if I was. I'd never
survive long enough for WITSEC.
That's not true.
We can protect you.
No. you can't.
You can't.
I should never have
bought that stupid car.
He wa... he warned me.
And I'm gonna die.
But first. I'm
gonna make it hurt.
- Clear.
- Hey.
Come on!
- Keep pressure on that.
- I know.
Right. Ready?
Come on. There we go.
Get her out. Get her out.
- What now?
- Now we hope
that the address on his
registration is real
and he left something behind
that'll lead us to his crew.
Hey. I'm gonna need your
weapon for OIS investigation.
Hey. You okay?
Better than him.
Mm. Maybe I should have asked
Harper or Lopez
to help me study.
Eh. Harper's busy
with the task force.
and Lopez's cop brain
is just booting up.
Look. the truth is. all
ranked police officers
share the same knowledge base.
I mean. sergeant.
lieutenant. detective.
there's only about 8%
unique to each specialty.
Yeah. right. but it's that 8%
where Primm will
try and trip me up.
Maybe. but I'd argue
that's exactly what
he wants you to think.
Great.
Yeah. thank you
so much for that.
Thank you. Now I get to play
the second-guessing game
where I spiral out of control
worrying about whether
or not Primm knows
that I think he will
try and trip me up
and that I'm focusing
on the wild cards
while he circles
back to all the stuff
I should be studying.
making me look like an
idiot at the oral exam.
pushing me so far down
the promotions list
that even if I do manage
to pass the oral exam
oh. my gosh. I will never
even qualify for an open slot.
This is great.
Great.
- Please don't.
- I didn't say anything.
I can hear you.
Y-you're thinking it.
Just
okay. new idea
unique scenarios during the day.
study manual at night.
I will sleep when it's over.
- Clear.
Clear.
All right. we're gonna
have to move fast.
Any evidence our suspect
might have left behind
is gonna be useless the very
second his crew finds out
he was killed by cops.
Officer Juarez. what
is our next move?
Well. place is a rental.
clearly not the
suspect's main domicile.
So we tear the house apart
in a top-to-bottom search
while trying to avoid provoking
the curse any further.
- That's...
- Wh... uh. what curse?
It's nothing.
Last shift before the wedding.
Yeah. I don't mess with curses.
Not since Uncle Cheese
uncovered that ancient tomb.
You can keep your bad juju.
"Final Destination" karma
target away from me.
Okay.
Thank you.
All right. Officer Juarez.
let's start our search
in the back bedroom. where
you will recite for me
the five rules of
a domicile search
in backwards alphabetical order.
Any mistakes you make will
result in a blue page.
If you mention the word
"curse" in my presence again.
you'll be volunteered for
all the cavity searches
at the station from now
until your 30th birthday.
Yes. sir.
Thank you.
Clear.
7-Metro-100. I'm on
the scene of a 187.
Assigning control
to Officer Chen.
All right. I'm
here as a resource.
But as of now. you're in charge.
What's your first move?
Crime scene's too small.
Responding officers didn't
recover the murder weapon.
Shooter probably ditched it
somewhere along the block.
Make the call.
7-Metro-100 requesting
additional units
for an expanded crime scene.
canvass. and search grid.
Notify Homicide and
mobilize the TID team.
What else?
I mean. there's nothing else
we can do until TID gets here
to document the scene.
Am I missing something?
Do you think you're
missing something?
I think you're messing with me.
Un... unless you're not. and
I am really missing something.
All right. well. you've
checked all the obvious boxes.
but there's a wild card.
Do you want me to
tell you what it is?
Yes. No.
Just let me think for a minute.
All right. pretend you
don't have a minute.
What are you missing?
Nothing.
Something? What is it?
No. don't tell me. Just...
Look. there's no
shame in not knowing
- the answer. Officer Chen.
- Just let me think
for a minute. Sergeant
Bradford. please.
What is that?
The thing you should
have thought of.
No. we have to turn this off.
How are we gonna turn it off?
Ugh.
Oh. my gosh.
No.
Hey. You need anything?
Uh. no.
The union rep is on his way.
and IA is landing in 30.
Having Grey as a
witness is a godsend.
Any one of us would
have taken the shot.
You saved Lisa's life.
I know. but I'm still gonna
have nightmares about it.
even though I've been
through it before.
Can I do anything more to help?
- Call James?
- No.
No. not yet.
I know he's gonna be mad at me
for not telling him right away.
but there's a part of him
that is gonna judge me.
and I'm just... I'm not ready
to deal with that right now.
I come bearing
burritos and babies.
Ooh. I don't know which
I'm happier to see.
Well...
- Don't judge me.
- I would never.
I heard what happened.
- Sounds like a clean shoot.
- Thank you.
Aw. sweet. sweet baby.
First station visit.
- That is exciting.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
- Here you go.
Aw.
That is so cute. Thank you.
Slow day at the front desk?
- Glacial.
- Mm.
At this point. I'm
looking forward
- to department-mandated therapy.
- Mm. don't.
In-house shrinks
are a unique breed.
Most are ancient
or uninterested.
And. legally. they
don't work for you.
You got to stay vigilant.
Don't over share.
Okay.
Uh. excuse me.
That could not have
backfired more spectacularly.
It was a literal clown show.
Hopefully nobody heard about it.
Okay. that's very funny.
Thank you.
Hey. welcome back.
Officer Thorsen.
Thank you. sir. It's
good to be back.
It's really good to see you.
Hey. um. does everybody know
about what happened to me?
Oh. you mean the clown show?
Yeah. everyone.
Um. meanwhile. I ran
a background check
on your victim...
Claude Smith. 36.
professional clown/
mime/barista.
No priors. Closest
family's in Arizona.
And he lives right around the
corner from where he was shot.
Th-that's great.
Thank you so much.
Uh... Wesley. hey.
Sorry. Oh. my gosh.
Um. I really need your
professional opinion.
Uh-uh. No. I'm on
paternity leave.
Oh. wait. so does that mean
you didn't hear about
my... clown show?
No. no. no. I heard.
Your crime scene was
fatally compromised.
The only way for you to
guarantee a conviction
is to get a full
confession from the killer
that's if you can find them.
So good luck.
Great.
Sir. again. I'm...
I'm very sorry about
focusing too much on the
the baseless superstition.
It's just in my DNA to take
these things seriously.
Okay. it's not about
taking them seriously.
It's about allowing
them to distract you.
You've been on the job
long enough to know
what can happen when you lose
focus. even for a moment.
Yes. sir.
Whoa. Sir.
Whoa.
There's only one number
in the call history.
Looks like a daily check-in
at 4:00 p.m.
That gives us exactly
two hours to figure out
what we're gonna do the
next time that phone rings.
We got a warrant on an
incoming phone call.
Audio and visual tap
of the suspect's phone.
What's that noise?
Sounds industrial.
Yeah. or mechanical.
Where's the visual?
Do we have it...
Working on it. It
takes a little longer
to activate the phone's camera.
There we go.
They're on a plane.
Yeah. it looks private.
Oh. that's a G550.
It's an older model. 2012 maybe.
You can tell that just by
looking at the ceiling?
Let's just say I. uh. spent
some quality horizontal time
on one of those
on a trip to Rome
with an Italian supermodel.
- Don't judge.
- Oh. I'm judging.
Okay. so all we have to do is
figure out where they're flying
and then have law
enforcement waiting for them.
It's impossible to
get a precise location
with a phone that's
flying at 30.000 feet.
But if we can get a
rough GPS when it calls.
they might be able to match
it to the plane's transponder.
I hate to rain on this parade.
but we don't know for
sure that our crew
is on the other
end of that phone.
It could be the hostage
taker's girlfriend.
his drug dealer.
We need confirmation to
get an arrest warrant.
We got a more immediate problem.
That phone is gonna call
this phone in four minutes.
And whoever is on that
plane is gonna know
they're not talking
to their guy.
Unless...
Ten seconds.
Right.
Here we go.
Yo.
Wow. that thing sounds
even more obnoxious
than I thought it would.
Yeah. it kicks
ass. Where are you?
Just crossed out of
Mexican airspace.
So what'd you find
out about the place?
Banks?
Eh... it... if... ah... money.
What? Banks. you're breaking up.
Wi... he... but...
y... if... you
eh... I... it... uh...
- Think he bought it?
- We'll find out.
- Lost him?
- Yeah.
But before that.
he sounded weird.
You think something's up?
I don't know.
But better safe than sorry.
- Damn it.
- What's happening?
They destroyed the phone. They
didn't quite buy your act.
Did you connect the phone
GPS to the plane transponder?
Working on it.
Oh. We got facial matches.
He's Boyd Taylor. and
the two women with him
are Cyesha Witt and Kim Loncar.
All have bodies on them
in connection with a previous
series of armed robberies
- across four states.
- There's our confirmation.
Got the transponder.
Jet's flying from
Mexico City to LAX.
Wait. they just filed
a new flight plan
to land at Whittier.
They're pivoting in case
we're waiting for them at LAX.
Let's mount up. people.
Sir. we should really
sit this one out.
No way.
She's right.
It's your last shift.
You should stay here.
Sir. all due respect. no.
This guy ambushed my friends
and sent a killer to my house.
I need to see this
through. last shift or no.
Okay.
But you're not riding with us.
- Sir...
- No.
What are we doing?
Thinking.
Hmm. Feels like we're sitting.
The search of the victim's
house turned up nothing.
Family and friends gave
us no possible motives
for why someone would kill him.
And with no forensics. I...
I think I should skip
the detective's exam.
- Lucy.
- I am not ready.
No. you are ready.
Don't let Primm
get in your head.
That ship sailed this morning.
Look. I-I know myself.
If I take this test and I
fail. it'll kill my confidence.
It's just better to wait.
Then wait.
You know. you can always
work undercover assignments
when on patrol.
So you don't believe I can pass?
I didn't say that. I'm just...
I'm just trying
to be supportive.
By telling me I
can't do something?
You're the one that
said you weren't ready.
N... I-I am in a bad place.
But you just jumped
right in to amplify it.
No. I didn't.
Do you hear me?
What?
That woman in that
car was crying
while she was looking
at the murder scene.
Okay. maybe she knew him.
Or... or maybe she just
had a frustrating fight
with her girlfriend.
Police. Show us your hands.
Uh. I-I'm not doing anything.
- Ma'am. step aside.
- Come over here.
That... that's not mine.
What about this? Megan?
I'm guessing you tossed
the gun. didn't realize
you lost your bracelet
along with it?
I didn't mean to kill him.
He was... he was gonna
tell my husband about us.
All right. ma'am. face that
way. hands behind your back.
Ow.
- Hey. police!
- Show us your hands!
- Hands up!
- Hey. freeze. lady!
Whoa! Whoa!
- Turn around. now!
- Turn around!
Nolan! Watch out!
You okay?
Uh. yeah.
Bet he believes in curses now.
Hmm.
Help me understand
something. Boyd.
You're a Picasso of
big-money heists.
planned to the nth degree.
executed with shocking violence.
But this job was
different. wasn't it?
Can I get a soda?
You didn't just break
into the Federal Reserve
and steal hard currency.
You hacked their computers.
got into servers that
are beyond secret.
Diet. if you have it.
Someone must have
pointed you to them.
an inside man. one that's
a hell of a lot higher up
than that security guard.
You know. I would
settle for a Lacroix.
or any sparkling water. really.
This isn't a joke...
you're gonna spend
the rest of your life
in an 8-foot cell
till they carry you
out in a 6-foot box.
Unless you come clean.
tell us who you
were working with.
Why are you
questioning my client
after he called for his lawyer?
- Nobody was asking questions.
- Well. except for me.
Seriously. can I get that soda?
I'd like to speak to my
client in private... now.
Of course.
While you're at it. I
recommend you emphasize
how tight the vise
is on his nuts.
Ooh.
Hey.
Everything go all right with IA?
Yeah. it was fine.
It should be cleared
in the next day or so.
Good. Well. I'm...
- I'm here if you need me.
- Thanks.
- So you survived.
- Yeah.
My last shift is
officially over.
and I am still standing.
Why? Why do you insist
on tempting fate?
I think because I
know it upsets you.
Huh. You're going to hell.
I tried everything.
but they're knocking
that house down
this weekend during our wedding.
We're gonna have to call it off.
No. no. God. no.
We're not canceling the wedding.
Well. then I'm gonna be
the only bride in history
to wear ear protection
with her wedding dress.
Yeah. that's entirely possible.
I'm so sorry this is happening.
What's happening?
Oh. uh. just our home
wedding is a disaster.
and it's too late
to change the venue.
Oh. I mean. you guys
could get married
at my family's spiritual
oasis downtown.
Your family has a
spiritual oasis downtown?
He asked him with
great admiration.
Oh. yeah. Zen Gardens.
It's a perfect.
stylish party space.
- How many guests?
- Both: 75.
Okay. yeah. no problem.
We can handle. like. five
times as many as that.
- Both: That's...
- So kind of you. Aaron.
- But we couldn't ask you to...
- We couldn't?
Well. you're not
asking. I'm offering.
And it's the least I could
do for you saving my life.
Well. I didn't save your life.
Some very talented
doctors and nurses did.
- Bailey.
- I'm just saying.
Right. but you got me to them.
So y'all are getting
married at the Gardens.
and that's the end of that.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
- No problem.
- Now I really am gonna cry.
Yeah.
- Thank you.
- No problem. Mm-hmm.
Oh. my God. thank you.
Yo. Ishani.
Hey. what's up? This is Aaron.
It's me.
Boyd might be a problem.
Yeah. he's facing
life in prison.
If they offer him
a good-enough deal.
he's likely to take it.
Um. that kind of advice
costs extra.
100 grand.
Good.
Then my advice is simple.
You should do whatever
makes you sleep
the most soundly at night.
No. no. thank you.
Way to pull off the
fourth-quarter win.
Thanks.
What?
Nothing.
This isn't gonna work if
you're gonna lie to me.
Fine.
Did you undermine me today
because you're scared
that I'm gonna make detective?
What? No.
- Tim...
- No.
And I'm upset you'd
even think that.
Look. I don't know. Maybe
it wasn't deliberate.
Maybe it was subconscious.
So... so now
you're accusing me
of being unaware of my actions?
That... that's not better.
You have to admit that
what happened with Isabel
was deeply traumatic for you.
I've never not admitted it.
I admitted it the
first day we met. okay?
So the only thing I did
today was have your back.
But i-if you can't
see that. then...
You know what?
I'm tired.
You've got studying to do.
So let's just take
the night off.
All right? I'll
see you tomorrow.
- Officer Thorsen?
- That's me.
Hi.
I'm Dr. London... uh. Blair.
I'll be working with
you if that's okay.
Yeah.
You seem awesome.
Thanks. but the
jury's still out.
I'm sorry. I
shouldn't be joking.
I graduated last year. and
I've been here six months.
But I promise. I do
know what I'm doing.
Glad one of us does.
This way.